world-class athlete Joe Kingman had it
all adoring fans cool cars and the kind
of life anyone would envy until the day
fate came to his door my name is Payton
I'm your daughter
[Music]
[Applause]
I never had a kid my birth certificate
your name is on it hey he's gone on this
Joseph came from Walt Disney Pictures he
will demand discipline we don't do
simple sugars in this house
kids love sugar oh my dad never let me
have sugar oh oh I never smile but he
never had to tackle a challenge this big
I'm not qualified for this new game plan
what I do
the last guy anyone expected
you've been playing kid your entire life
and I just join the dad team might just
be the right man for the
Dwayne the rock Johnson what do you put
in the cookie three two one go
but the rebels experienced the heat
bought the rebels cat the magic the game
plan
[Music]